https://www.1point3acres.com/bbs/thread-678970-1-1.html

test

数组：

912. Sort an Array (Quick Sort and Merge Sort)
https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-an-array/

75. Sort Colors
https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-colors/

26. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/re ... -from-sorted-array/

80. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array II
https://leetcode.com/problems/re ... om-sorted-array-ii/

88. Merge Sorted Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-sorted-array/

283. Move Zeroes
https://leetcode.com/problems/move-zeroes/

215. Kth Largest Element in an Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-largest-element-in-an-array/

347. Top K Frequent Elements
https://leetcode.com/problems/top-k-frequent-elements/

349. Intersection of Two Arrays
https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-arrays/

350. Intersection of Two Arrays II
https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-arrays-ii/

845. Longest Mountain in Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-mountain-in-array/

42. Trapping Rain Water
https://leetcode.com/problems/trapping-rain-water/

43. Multiply Strings
https://leetcode.com/problems/multiply-strings/

969. Pancake Sorting
https://leetcode.com/problems/pancake-sorting/

Lint-31. Partition Array
https://www.lintcode.com/problem/partition-array/description

Lint-625. Partition Array II
https://www.lintcode.com/problem/partition-array-ii/description

Lint-143. Sort Color II
https://www.lintcode.com/problem/sort-colors-ii/description

Lint-461. Kth Smallest Numbers in Unsorted Array
https://www.lintcode.com/problem ... d-array/description

Lint-544. Top k Largest Numbers
https://www.lintcode.com/problem ... numbers/description




链表：

21. Merge Two Sorted Lists
https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/

86. Partition List
https://leetcode.com/problems/partition-list/

141. Linked List Cycle
https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/

160. Intersection of Two Linked Lists
https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-linked-lists/

234. Palindrome Linked List
https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-linked-list/

328. Odd Even Linked List
https://leetcode.com/problems/odd-even-linked-list/

142. Linked List Cycle II
https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle-ii/

287. Find the Duplicate Number
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-duplicate-number/

876. Middle of the Linked List
https://leetcode.com/problems/middle-of-the-linked-list/




区间：

Lint-391. Number of Airplanes in the Sky
https://www.lintcode.com/problem ... the-sky/description

56. Merge Intervals
https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-intervals/

57. Insert Interval
https://leetcode.com/problems/insert-interval/

252. Meeting Rooms
https://leetcode.com/problems/meeting-rooms/

253. Meeting Rooms II
https://leetcode.com/problems/meeting-rooms-ii/

986. Interval List Intersections
https://leetcode.com/problems/interval-list-intersections/



回文串：

5. Longest Palindromic Substring
https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindromic-substring/

345. Reverse Vowels of a String
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-vowels-of-a-string/

680. Valid Palindrome II
https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome-ii/

125. Valid Palindrome
https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/




滑动窗口：

3. Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters
https://leetcode.com/problems/lo ... peating-characters/

11. Container With Most Water
https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/

76. Minimum Window Substring
https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-window-substring/

209. Minimum Size Subarray Sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-size-subarray-sum/

239. Sliding Window Maximum
https://leetcode.com/problems/sliding-window-maximum/

713. Subarray Product Less Than K
https://leetcode.com/problems/subarray-product-less-than-k/

395. Longest Substring with At Least K Repeating Characters
https://leetcode.com/problems/lo ... peating-characters/

480. Sliding Window Median
https://leetcode.com/problems/sliding-window-median/

567. Permutation in String
https://leetcode.com/problems/permutation-in-string/

727. Minimum Window Subsequence
https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-window-subsequence/

Lint-604. Window Sum
https://www.lintcode.com/problem/window-sum/description



流：

295. Find Median from Data Stream
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-median-from-data-stream/

346. Moving Average from Data Stream
https://leetcode.com/problems/moving-average-from-data-stream/

352. Data Stream as Disjoint Intervals
https://leetcode.com/problems/data-stream-as-disjoint-intervals/

703. Kth Largest Element in a Stream
https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-largest-element-in-a-stream/



前项和：

53. Maximum Subarray
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/

238. Product of Array Except Self
https://leetcode.com/problems/product-of-array-except-self/

303. Range Sum Query - Immutable
https://leetcode.com/problems/range-sum-query-immutable/

325. Maximum Size Subarray Sum Equals k
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-size-subarray-sum-equals-k/

528. Random Pick with Weight
https://leetcode.com/problems/random-pick-with-weight/

560. Subarray Sum Equals K
https://leetcode.com/problems/subarray-sum-equals-k/



和差问题：

1. Two Sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/

15. 3Sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/

18. 4Sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/4sum/

Lint-382. Triangle Count
https://www.lintcode.com/problem/triangle-count/description

167. Two Sum II - Input array is sorted
https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted/

170. Two Sum III - Data structure design
https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-iii-data-structure-design/

653. Two Sum IV - Input is a BST
https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-iv-input-is-a-bst/

1099. Two Sum Less Than K
https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-less-than-k/

259. 3Sum Smaller
https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum-smaller/

Lint-57. 3Sum Closest
https://www.lintcode.com/problem/3sum-closest/description

Lint-443. Two Sum - Greater than target
https://www.lintcode.com/problem ... -target/description

Lint-533. Two Sum - Closet to target
https://www.lintcode.com/problem ... -target/description

Lint-587. Two Sum - Unique pairs
https://www.lintcode.com/problem/two-sum-unique-pairs/description

Lint-609. Two Sum - Less than or equals to target
https://www.lintcode.com/problem ... -target/description

Lint-610. Two Sum - Difference equals to target
https://www.lintcode.com/problem ... rget/my-submissions